LC-1010: document specialStatus filter to exclude archived listings from GET /v1/listings (#54)
Hostaway/api: source/includes/_listing_retrieveListingsList.md

`latestActivityStart` | no | date |
`latestActivityEnd` | no | date |
`isBookingEngineActive` | no | bool | Listing is active on website (Booking Engine)

> `specialStatus[]` | no | array | Filter listings by status. Accepts `active` and `archived`. For example, `?specialStatus[]=active` returns only active (non-archived) listings. When omitted, both active and archived listings are returned.

Reviewer: The endpoint also accepts `specialStatus[]=deleted`, and omitting the filter excludes deleted listings rather than returning everything, so "Accepts `active` and `archived`" reads as a closed set when it isn't. LC-1010 asks for all three values plus the default (archived included, deleted excluded). Worth adding both?

Reviewer 2: `deleted` is accepted, so the closed-set reading is right. but it isn't a listing state on the same footing as the other two. `ListingHandler::softDeleteListing()` writes it immediately before firing `ListingDeleted`, and `DeleteListingMap` then drops the listingMap row, so it only ever marks a deletion that hasn't finished. on prod right now 2 listingMaps across 2 accounts match `specialStatus[]=deleted`, the oldest stranded since 2026-06-20 from a deletion that never completed, against 2,413 archived across 479 accounts. so worth listing, but say what it is rather than presenting it as a third equal value, otherwise partners will sync against a teardown marker.

the default sentence is already correct as written: no filter goes to `whereNotDeleted()`, which returns active + archived and drops deleted. the current text says "both active and archived", not "everything".

also worth a clause: nothing on this path validates the values, so `?specialStatus[]=typo` comes back as an empty list rather than an error.

```suggestion
`specialStatus[]` | no | array | Filter listings by status. Accepts `active`, `archived` and `deleted`. For example, `?specialStatus[]=active` returns only active (non-archived) listings. When omitted, active and archived listings are returned and deleted ones are excluded. `deleted` marks listings whose deletion is still in progress and is not intended for filtering in normal use. Values outside this set match no listings rather than returning an error.
```

Author: Yes but the status `deleted` is a temporary status which is already excluded by default. It doesn't make any sense to document it here as nobody can use it anyways unless we delay the hard-deletion flow we currently have. That's why I'm not including it.
